In this video you'll test your new MailChimp opt in form and edit the auto response emails that MailChimp
with client logos and information to personalize the experience for users by the end of this video you'll
systems set up using the form that you created in the last video.
We're going to customize it for different items to e-mails and two Thank you pages provided by MailChimp.
Let's take a look in the MailChimp area under sign up forms we click general forms there.
You'll remember that we went into this dropdown right here and we found four different items that we
Remember that the first one is actually a fifth one the Sign-Up form is something we can obviously customize.
But the four things we're going to customize in this video are the sign up thank you page.
The OPT in confirmation e-mail the confirmation thank you page and the final welcome email what I'd
like you to do right now is go back to your sample site in wordpress where you set up the MailChimp
in your browser and opening the two e-mails that you receive while going through the process.
Pause the video now and get those items open how that go for you.
We are able to get yourself confirmed and join in on your subscription list.
Well here's what I did.
and it might be a new window depending on how you have your browser set up.
But this tab said almost finished.
to confirm your email address.
So after you click in your email and this is where I had customized my thank you page here.
This is my opt in thank you page.
We'll redirect YouTube page where you can download your PDA mind math.
That's an example of an ethical bribe or a lead magnet you might call it or something that is a reward
for joining your email list.
They're going to want to get something which is a download and it helps to get more sign ups when you
But you don't want to give them a link to the download in this first thank you page.
You want them to go into their email like I'm showing right here and open this e-mail that says Please
confirm subscription and when you click yes subscribe me to this list inside of your e-mail.
What happened to me was I went and opened up my browser again and then I went to a second thank you
Now you can see that this one looks a little bit different than the MailChimp standard.
That's because I had done what I discussed in the last video and I forced MailChimp to go and send the
with my own branding and my own look.
Now this thank you page is the place where you want to put the link to the reward they're going to get
when they join the email list.
thank you page.
Any time could go back to my e-mail and I received a second e-mail here from MailChimp and I have it
It says your subscription has been confirmed and this is the second place where I could offer them a
Mind Map or whatever the reward is actually have it so that when they click that link in their email
they go directly to that same thank you page where they can download.
This is a PTF document that then would open in the browser
and so back at our Web site here we can talk about inside of this widget or wherever we want to where
We can talk about how.
Hey if you fill out the form above you're not just subscribing to the mailing list but you're going
information that we give out and sell in our website.
You can see the applications for business whether online or physical forgiving PTF e-book or a white
That has to do with the topic of the business.
So let's duplicate that system that I had created by going into MailChimp and customizing those four
First if you're not still on it go to the sign up form page and click general forums and you'll get
Open up that down drop down and let's look at the sign up.
Thank you page so this thank you page.
We need to confirm your email address.
And so what we'll do is go down and let's click the edit button right here and let's just put a sentence
your free item go out and edit your own page and then click save and close at the top right.
Next let me just point out that you can instead of showing this thank you page you can send your subscribers
by going to pages add new as you already know how to do.
And then you'll find the permalink for that page and bring it on back into MailChimp and paste it right
If you leave this blank then they'll use their default.
But you would want to give them a message up here that says we need to confirm your email address and
All right let's go back to MailChimp and let's customize our second piece the next one will be the opt
This is the one that MailChimp sense to them that has the link to confirm and you don't want to alter
You need to have the link here.
And of course it's not editable here inside of this MailChimp area but you can go ahead and edit the
a link to the free item that we're offering you and I say here it will also come in the welcome email.
So put a little sentence there and and hit save and close.
You're only putting it into the next two items.
Back inside of MailChimp.
Let's go back up and let's open the dropdown once again and look at our third item that will be customizing.
This one is the confirmation.
Thank you page.
So users will go to this thank you page as soon as they click the confirmation link in their e-mail.
Now this is where you want to offer them the download and you can see that I've got it here.
I'll click Edit and you guys can do the same thing.
Choose a sentence and write.
real link right here you could put just a hash tag there and that will make it look like a link but
So I'm just going to cancel out of that and close since mine is already set up.
The fourth item is the last and final welcome email.
Now you do have to have this box checked so that MailChimp will send a final welcome email.
But I think it's a good idea to include a link either to your thank you page or to the PTF download
you offer to them up here and they're sitting there later on and they've opened their e-mail and they're
Ah here is a link to it.
they submitted inside the form.
And as a final challenge for this video I want you to go into your Wordpress dashboard go ahead and
you right here.
Just like I've done here and then get the permalink copy that to your clipboard and paste it into the
address.
Pause the video now and give it a go out.
That went well for you.
But let me show you a couple of things to take note of.
I'm going to call this the just the thank you for confirming.
Thank you page.
And when I click down into the body area I'm going to write here or download.
And of course you know I would select that and add a link.
And I'm just going to put a hashtag in there and apply it so that it looks like a link and then I can
There's a couple of things to take note of here.
One is that they you are l or the permalink of this page says thank you for confirming and I don't know
a or was just a string of letters and numbers that was hard to remember.
If you want to keep people from just sharing this link easily you might want to just do that and make
So back here in wordpress the way you do that is just click Edit and that gives you an opportunity to
can click Update great.
MailChimp and I'm going to just replace on to that.
Remember we've got to be in the confirmation.
We don't want to put this link in the thank you page.
Our download link.
Then we'll be making sure that they will want to opt in because they'll be getting the reward afterward.
And that way we can make sure we get everyone's express permission to send them emails and to join the
control V.
Or you could of course also click right click and hit paste and then you'd click Save right here.
I'm not going to save that because I'm keeping my old system and I'll just go back into the Sign-Up
forms page here so it doesn't save that link finally let's go back and look inside of the Wordpress
under the settings and the reading settings with a live web site for you or for a client you should
You can leave that checked if you're building the site and you don't want them to see or list in their
You know the development areas or the Lorem if some text that you're using but leave that unchecked
if this is a live site to be found by Google and searchers on the Internet there's one quick point we
If this is our thank you page for joining the list we don't want Google to list this page inside their
And so one of the things we can do is make this page a no index no follow meaning that we will be telling
Now you can easily do this through using a plug in wordpress and I'll recommend that we go ahead and
Yost se of y o a s t.
So go ahead and go to the plugins add new page.
Search for Yost SEO and find the used Ezio plug in click Install now and let it install and let's activate
can see and how they list specific pages on our website.
So now that we have that plug in activated we can go back to the page that we made which was our thank
And now that Yost ex-CEO is activated we can scroll down inside of that page and we can look at the
Yost SEO section down here.
robots index that we want to control.
engines.
And then if there's a link we don't want search engines to follow from there like a link to a download
We don't don't want them to place a link to our special download in their directories either.
Now that we've made that selection we can just click Update and we've basically hidden our thank you
In this lesson you customize the experience for those who sign up for your email list.
free exclusive download while hiding it from other visitors and preventing it from being listed in the
In the next video you'll go back into one of your sites in the student's sandbox at W.P. of course dot
theme.
Let's go